This person was about to do something terrible. His business partner wanted out of the steak business both of them created. He told him that he would sell his half to some third party if he wasn't able to buy him out.

After a lot of thinking, this guy started recording his radio show for tonight. He went to his partner and asked if he was going to give him a last chance to change his mind. But he made his decision. He then offered him a beer and sat down to drink with him. Little did he know about the beer being poisoned. That night he started his show and played his recorded voice from before. He went to his partner's trailer and found him lying dead. He cleaned the beer bottle and kept it where it was lying. He then used his dental floss to lock the door from inside. He put the exhaust of the barbeque grill inside his trailer to make it look like a suicide. 

Everything went as per his plan but there was a minute detail that he missed. Every night a train passes by during his show. The recording he played missed it...

=== chat gpt === 


This man was about to do something unthinkable.

His business partner wanted out of the steakhouse they built together.
He wanted to sell his half to some third party if he wasn't able to buy him out.

After some cold reflection, the man hit record button — and recorded his radio show for tonight.

That evening, he visited his partner, offering a final chance to reconsider.
But the decision was made.

So, he smiled… offered him a beer… and drank with him.

Later that night, he came to the studio, went inside and aired the radio show... But after sometime, he played the recording, set his timer and went out of the window.

He, then, returned to the trailer and found his partner… already dead.
His partner never saw it coming — the beer he offered was poisoned.

Calmly, he cleaned the bottle with water, put it back, and used dental floss to lock the door from the inside.
He then rerouted the barbeque grill’s exhaust inside — to make it all look like suicide.

Everything was perfect.
Almost.

Every night, during his live radio show… a train passes by.
That night, on the recording — it didn’t.

committed crime