Hi everyone,

In this problem, we are given two concentric circles with unknown radius and we need to find out the area of this annular region highlighted by yellow.

The only information we are provided with this chord of the outer circle which is also tangent to the inner circle is of length 30.

First, lets assume that the radius of the outer and the inner circle is R1 and R2. The required area would be pi times (R1^2 - R2^2). 

Now lets construct this triangle since the only information we are given is the length of the chord.

If the chord is tangent to the inner circle then this line must be perpendicular to the chord. Thus this forms a right angled triangle. 

Now we know that a perpendicular to any point on a chord from center of the circle bisects the chords into two equal halves. Thus we get a right angled triangle with hypotenuse R2 and other two sides R1 and 15. 

We can write R2^2 - R1^2 = 15^2. And this was the only unknown which we needed to figure out to get the area of the region. Thus the area is 225 pi.

=== chat gpt ===

    Hi everyone.

    In this problem, we are given two concentric circles with unknown radii, and we need to find the area of the annular region highlighted in yellow.

    The only information provided is a chord of the outer circle, which is also tangent to the inner circle, and its length is thirty.

    Let’s assume the radius of the outer circle is R one, and the radius of the inner circle is R two. The required area would then be pi times the quantity R one squared minus R two squared.

    Now, let's construct a triangle, since the only data we have is the length of the chord.

    If the chord is tangent to the inner circle, then the line from the center to the point of tangency must be perpendicular to the chord. This forms a right-angled triangle.

    We also know that a perpendicular from the center to any chord bisects the chord into two equal halves. So we now have a right-angled triangle with hypotenuse R two, and the other two sides as R one and fifteen.

    From the Pythagorean theorem, we get R two squared minus R one squared equals fifteen squared.

    And that’s the only unknown we needed to find the area of the region.

    So the area is two twenty-five pi.